{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red212\green213\blue214;\red41\green43\blue48;\red35\green37\blue41;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c86275\c86667\c87059;\cssrgb\c21176\c22353\c24706;\cssrgb\c18431\c19216\c21176;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1 - No Spam/Annoying repetitive phrases.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We do not allow spam or any annoying phrases. Spam is when you send a message similar to this: 
\f2\fs25\fsmilli12750 \cb4 REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
\f1\fs30 \cb3  It can fill the chats up and sometimes it can piss others off.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 2 - Keep it safe!
\f1\b0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We have kids here! We do not mind any cursing, as long as it is not obsessive. Explicit images will not be tolerated at all here. NO PORN. PLEASE.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 3 - Racial/Religious Slurs
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This server is not to commence hate upon others. This is an obvious rule. Need I say more?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 4 - Advertising
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Advertising will not be allowed for any discord server unless affiliated/under special agreement with the staff. You may link your youtube videos, but that will be it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 5 - Use common sense!
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Often people forget what that is apparently. Why am I surprised? it's 2018. Either way, some people often do not know what their brain is for and speak before thinking. 
\f3\i\b PLEASE THINK BEFORE YOU SPEAK
\f1\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 6 - Please do not ask for roles.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Roles in this server are used to organise staff and certain community member roles. You will be able to get staff during times of elections, unless stated otherwise.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 7 - Don't be an asshole..
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 It's a shame that we specifically have to print this out..but yes. There are people that love to cause trouble. If someone is causing you trouble then ping a staff member.
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 8 - Don't ping people all the time..**\
It will likely get annoying}